Add support for Linux Arm64 runners (#4072)
github/codeql-action: CHANGELOG.md

## [UNRELEASED]

> - The CodeQL Action now supports running on Linux Arm64 runners, downloading the native `linux-arm64` CodeQL bundle. [#4072](https://github.com/github/codeql-action/pull/4072)

Reviewer: It's the CLI that supports it. The Action changes are just in support of it: 
```suggestion
- The CodeQL Action now supports CodeQL releases that are compatible with Linux Arm64 and download the native `linux-arm64` CodeQL bundle when available. [#4072](https://github.com/github/codeql-action/pull/4072)
```
